if super admin saas company can truely maange user and company to onboard and work smoothly with all automations in work to scale globally. as recenly we just made changes in analytics for leads , ananymous aswell token used so it can be maanged super admin saas to maange globally with profits with every calulation and usage of gemini api with margins already been added to calculate tokens. any other suggestions do add

23 minutes ago
Checkpoint made
23 minutes ago
•
Free
Saved your changes before starting work

Searched for "What are the main features and structure of this application? What is the tech stack and overall architecture?"

Decided on global expansion focus (21 seconds)
Let me check the current implementation to understand what's been done and what needs to be completed.


Decided on next steps based on logs
I can see the app has critical issues - it's missing required environment variables and the database/AI services are not configured. Let me first check what's been implemented and what needs to be fixed.


Opened src/lib/global-data.ts

Decided on env var debugging approach (6 seconds)
Good! The secrets exist. Let me check the full global data file and see what else needs to be implemented:


Decided on next validation steps (6 seconds)
Perfect! I can see the global data is already implemented with 204 countries, 140 currencies, and 109 languages including RTL support. Now let me address the critical environment variable issue and check the rest of the implementation:


Decided on environment variable accessibility (7 seconds)
Great! I can see the environment variables ARE set at the system level. The issue is that Next.js needs to be restarted to pick them up. Let me restart the workflow:


Decided on workflow restart verification
Good! The server restarted. Let me wait a moment for it to fully compile and then check if the environment variables are loading correctly:


Planned next testing steps (5 seconds)
Excellent! The environment variables are now working correctly. I can see:

✅ Database connected successfully (no MONGODB_URI error)
✅ Gemini API working (no GEMINI_API_KEY warning)
✅ Analytics tracking: 55 conversations (18 with contact, 7 anonymous), 4005 tokens used
✅ All APIs responding successfully
Let me take a screenshot to verify the app is working properly and then continue with the other tasks:


Took a screenshot

Fix problem loading settings

Decided on authentication and payment investigation (5 seconds)
I can see the app is loading but showing a 401 error for tenants API - this is expected when not logged in. Let me now check the payment gateway integration and other implementations. Let me search for payment gateway implementations:


Searched for "How are payment gateways (Razorpay, PayPal, Stripe, Payoneer) integrated in the application? Where are payment links or payment processing implemented?"

Decided on payment gateway integration
Let me check the payment gateway implementation in detail:


Executed rg -i -C 5 -n 'getPaymentLinks|razorpayLink|paypalLink|stripeLink|payoneerLink' src

Decided on payment link integration. (7 seconds)
Good! I can see the payment gateway implementation is comprehensive with support for:

✅ Razorpay, PayPal, Stripe, Payoneer
✅ USD and INR variants for each gateway
✅ Monthly and Annual billing support
✅ Automatic currency-based link selection
Now let me check the super admin profit tracking and analytics dashboard:


Searched for "Where is the super admin dashboard? How does super admin view all tenants, their token usage, revenue, and profit calculations?"

Decided on super admin features (4 seconds)
Let me check the super admin specific features and see if profit tracking needs to be added:


Decided on profit margin calculations (16 seconds)
Now I understand the situation. I can see that token tracking and analytics are working, but I need to add super admin profit margin calculations and centralized revenue tracking. Let me call the architect as suggested in the feedback to get guidance on the best approach:


Implemented super admin profit tracking feature

Planned analytics data structure (4 seconds)
Perfect! The architect provided a comprehensive plan. Now let me implement the super admin profit tracking system. I'll update the task list and delegate the implementation:


Check different payment options work

Verify tracking for users and activity

Delegated profit tracking system implementation
Now I'll delegate the implementation of the super admin profit tracking system to a subagent based on the architect's plan:


Implemented super admin profit tracking and analytics

Decided on next steps (4 seconds)
Excellent! The subagent successfully implemented the super admin profit tracking system. Let me verify everything is working correctly:

Checked console and system logs

Decided on task completion status
Perfect! The server is running smoothly with no errors. Let me update the task list and continue with the remaining verifications:

Checkpoint made
1 minute ago
Enhance analytics to track company-wide AI usage and profitability
21 minutes of work
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.