Improve on speed as very important as Chat bot reply taking very long time to respond as taking veri long time to reply also in present chat it keeps browsing or sybol more than 5 minutes no error but no reply also Entire app is responding very slow navigating from one page to other find out if any other error are still there 2) Why same customer multiple interaction generated this is my recent chat for tennant id (Tenant: tenant_1754983849007)
17 minutes ago

Diagnosed duplicate lead and speed issues (8 seconds)
I can see the issues! Let me investigate and fix both the speed problems and the duplicate lead issue.


Planned AI timeout and customer ID tracking (9 seconds)
Ah! I found the critical issue with the duplicate leads!

Looking at the logs from the attached file:

[DEBUG] Raw AI response: {
  "response": "...",
  "conversationId": "conv_1760094622112_mrj7pfc6j",
  "customerId": null,  // <-- THIS IS THE PROBLEM!
  "isReturningCustomer": false,
  ...
}
The chat API returns customerId: null even when a customer exists! This is because:

In the chat API (route.ts line 123-126), customerId is initialized from conversation.customerId
If the conversation doesn't have a customerId yet, it's null
Even after creating/finding the customer, if there's a timing issue or the customer creation fails silently, customerId stays null
The widget receives customerId: null and creates a new lead every time
The deduplication in the leads API works correctly, BUT the issue is that the widget is creating leads with ONLY the name in the first message, and then creating another lead with more complete info in the second message. Since the normalization only matches complete data, it creates duplicates.

For the speed issue:

There's NO timeout on the AI generation call itself
Only the web scraping has a timeout
Need to add a timeout to the AI generation
Let me fix both issues:

Add timeout to AI generation
Fix customer ID tracking to prevent duplicate leads
Now I understand both issues! Let me fix them:

Issue 1: Slow Response (5+ minutes)
The AI generation has NO timeout - it can wait forever if the API is slow.

Issue 2: Duplicate Leads
The chat API returns customerId: null even after finding the customer, causing the widget to create new leads instead of updating existing ones.


Decided on AI generation timeout
Let me fix both issues now:


Edited src/ai/flows/generate-agent-response.ts

Fixed duplicate lead issue
Now let me fix the duplicate lead issue. The problem is in the chat API - it's not properly returning the customer ID:


Diagnosed navigation speed issues
Now let me add some optimizations to improve overall app speed:


Documented performance improvements
Perfect! The server is restarting with the optimizations. Let me document all the performance improvements and update the replit.md:


Planned review of architectural changes

Addressed chatbot performance issues

Resolved timeout promise rejection issue
Critical issue found! The timeout timer needs to be cleared properly. Let me fix it:

Checked code issues
Checkpoint made
4 minutes ago
Improve chatbot response times and prevent duplicate lead creation
Show less
Time worked
12 minutes
Work done
36 actions
Items read
705 lines
Code changed
+321
-105
Agent Usage
$1.97
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.